hi this is Mike spinach of nature
ography calm behind the lenses Joe
Decker of rockslide photo calm and today
I'm going to show you a tip about how to
aim a big lens like this big lenses like
this have a very narrow angle of view
and when you have a very narrow angle of
view and when you have a long lens wide
aperture you're shooting a subject close
your subjects can practically disappear
in front of you with your shallow depth
of field and it can be very hard to get
them within the narrow angle of view
that you're aiming at so let me show you
what that looks like watch this
okay so what do you do about subjects
that practically disappear in front of
you when you're trying to find and
photograph them with a long lens what
you can do is you could take your hot
shoe and take your screw of your lens
hood orient your lens hood screw in such
manner that you can see it through the
hot shoe and then you can use the hot
shoe and the screw as a gunsight to aim
right at your target and know exactly
where you're looking we're now going to
rack the focus from the hot shoe on the
camera to the screw on the lens hood to
the subject which is a sculpture of a
kitty cat so there you are it's a great
little trick to help you aim your long
lenses it gets easier with time to aim
once you get used to them but that helps
as you're getting used to them
so I hope that tip helps why don't you
give us a call take a look at our
website we offer a lot of workshops we
hope to see you soon
Thanks
you